Add explicit setup step for opening HTTP/HTTPS port on reolink devices (#33306)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- [Reolink Duo 3 PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-3-poe/)
- Reolink Duo Floodlight ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-floodlight-poe/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-floodlight-wifi/))
- Reolink TrackMix ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-trackmix-poe/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-trackmix-wifi/))

> - Reolink Video Doorbell ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-video-doorbell/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-video-doorbell-wifi/)) **

Reviewer: I don't think this applies to this specific model alone (as a matter of fact, I'm sure :D )

Author: Ideally we'd specific exactly which models do and don't have this issue, but as I only have this device, and Reolink doesn't document it, I will remove this note.

Reviewer 2: That is really hard.
All camera's need to have at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports enabled, but depending on the firmware version and time at which the camera was bought (the firmware version it is shipped with) the HTTPS port may or may not be enabled by default.

The default has changed back and forth between firmware versions and I don't think Reolink has decided yet if they want to have it enabled or disabled as default.

*These models are discontinued and not sold anymore, they will continue to work with Home Assistant.

> **These models do not have HTTP/HTTPS ports open by default. You must use the Windows or Mac Client to enable one of them before configuring in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Let's remove this note here, and make it part of the instructions below instead.

Author: Removed.

## Initial setup

### 1. Intializing and configuring camera credentials.

> There are several ways to achieve this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A brand new Reolink camera first needs to be connected to the network and initialized. During initialization, the credentials for the camera need to be set.
There are several ways to achieve this:
```

Author: Applied this change.

Reviewer 2: thanks!

## Initial setup

> ### 1. Intializing and configuring camera credentials.

Reviewer 2: AI is right, @davidn could you fix this typo?

> ### 1. Intializing and configuring camera credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 1. Initializing and configuring camera credentials.
```

      - After that you can disconnect the LAN cable and the camera will automatically switch to the Wi-Fi connection.

>    5. Now set up the Reolink Home Assistant integration using the credentials you just specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Applied this change.

Then power up the camera while pointing it at the QR code. It takes about a minute to initialize, read the QR code, and connect to your Wi-Fi.

### 2. Enabling HTTP/HTTPS ports

> Test if you can access the cameara by its IP address in your browser. If you cannot, in the [windows or Mac](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/) client ensure either HTTP and/or HTTPS ports are enabled under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**. See [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test if you can access the cameara by its IP address in your browser. If you cannot, ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports are enabled in the [windows or Mac](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/) client under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**. See [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.
```

Author: Applied this change.

> Test if you can access the cameara by its IP address in your browser. If you cannot, in the [windows or Mac](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/) client ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports are enabled under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**. See [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.

Reviewer 2: AI is right again, I am impressed.
The suggestion to add "`http://<your-camera-ip>`" is also not a bad idea.

> Test if you can access the cameara by its IP address in your browser. If you cannot, in the [windows or Mac](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/) client ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports are enabled under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**. See [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test if you can access the camera by its IP address in your browser `https://<your-camera-ip>`. If you cannot, in the [windows or Mac](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/) client ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports are enabled under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**. See [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.
```

## Troubleshooting

- Older firmware versions do not expose the necessary information the integration needs to function. Ensure the camera is updated to the [latest firmware](https://reolink.com/download-center/) prior to setting up the integration. Note that Reolink auto update and check for update functions in the app/windows/web client often do not show the latest available firmware version. Therefore check the version in the [Reolink download center](https://reolink.com/download-center/) online.

> - Ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports is enabled in the [windows](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/)/web client under **Settings** > **Network** > **Advanced** > **Port Settings**, see [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.

Reviewer 2: Please keep this troubleshooting step, since the config flow inside homeassistant links to here.
Better to have it 2 times in the docs.

Author: Applied this change.
